added /service-info endpoint to htsget openapi specification (#493)
samtools/hts-specs: htsget.md

* Samples: NA12878 or /data/platinum/NA12878
* Runs: ERR148333 or /byRun/ERR148333

> The id `service-info` is reserved to serve GA4GH service-info metadata, detailed below.

Reviewer: It's SHOULD below, so it should be the same here:

```suggestion
The id `service-info` SHOULD be reserved to serve GA4GH service-info metadata, detailed below.
```

</td></tr>
</table>

Example service-info response:

```
{ 
   "id":            "net.exampleco.htsget",
   "name":          "ExampleCo genomics data service",
   "version":       "0.1.0",
   "organization":  {
      "name":       "ExampleCo",
      "url":        "https://exampleco.com"
   },
   "type":  {
      "group":        "org.ga4gh",
      "artifact":     "htsget",
      "version":      "1.3.0"
   },
   "htsget": {
      "datatype": "reads",
      "formats":  ["BAM", "CRAM"],
      "fieldsParameterEffective": true,
      "tagsParametersEffective": false
   }
}
```

# GA4GH Service Registry

The [GA4GH Service Registry API specification](https://github.com/ga4gh-discovery/ga4gh-service-registry) allows information about GA4GH-compliant web services, including htsget services, to be aggregated into registries and made available via a standard API. The following considerations SHOULD be followed when registering htsget services within a service registry.

* Endpoints for different htsget data types should be registered as separate entities within the registry. If an htsget service provides both `reads` and `variants` data, both endpoints should be registered.

> * The `url` property should reference the API's `service-info` endpoint for a single data type (i.e. an htsget reads API registration should provide the URL to the reads `service-info` endpoint, an htsget variants API registration should provide the URL to the variants `service-info` endpoint). Clients should be able to assume that by replacing the URL's "service-info" string with an object id, they will hit the corresponding `reads`/`variants` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Are we happy with this assumption? I might be missing something but:

- If we're reserving `/service-info` so that it's not allowed as a sample ID, then it seems it would be fine to leave that off instead of making the client snip it.
- If we're saying we could use this to declare the service info endpoint as something else like `/service-info2` so that the server can still have a sample ID=`service-info`, we should specifically advise that client is supposed to strip whatever the last URL component is, and on the whole it seems unfortunate to make this an htsget-specific caveat)

My opinion is still that the first approach is a simple and basically acceptable way forward. If in future we motivate a change to service registry so that it admits a query string for service-info then I think we could relax the reservation constraint at that time.

(comments welcome from all, tagging @jmarshall @brainstorm @jb-adams)

Author: I'm +1 for the former. Registering the base url (ie. without "service-info") is much more in line with the service info spec and the networks team's plans for federating services of mixed type. Requiring that "service-info" be reserved for this endpoint is simple and will lead to better interoperability.

Reviewer 3: I totally second Jeremy.

   + Adding `/{id}` to the registered `url` will hit the corresponding ticket endpoint (i.e. `/reads/{id}` or `/variants/{id}`).
   + Adding `/service-info` to the registered `url` will hit the corresponding `service-info` endpoint (i.e. `/reads/service-info` or `/variants/service-info`).
* The value of the `type` object's `artifact` property should be `htsget` (i.e. the same as it appears in `service-info`)

Example listing of htsget reads API and variants API registrations from a service registry's `/services` endpoint:

```
[
   {
      "id": "net.exampleco.htsget-reads",
      "name": "ExampleCo htsget reads API",
      "description": "Serves alignment data (BAM, CRAM) via htsget protocol",
      "version": "0.1.0",
      "url": "https://htsget.exampleco.com/v1/reads",
      "organization":  {
         "name":       "ExampleCo",
         "url":        "https://exampleco.com"
      },
      "type": {
         "group": "org.ga4gh",
         "artifact": "htsget",

>          "version": "1.2.0"

Reviewer: Will this (and the second one a dozen lines below) need to be bumped to `1.2.1`?
